# MedicationTracker

## This project was generated by [Flatlogic generator](https://flatlogic.com/generator).

  - Frontend: [React.js](https://flatlogic.com/templates?framework%5B%5D=react&sort=default)

  - Design: [Classic](https://flatlogic.com/templates?design%5B%5D=classic&sort=default)

  - Backend: [Laravel](https://flatlogic.com/templates/laravel)

  - Database: mySQL

## To start the project:

### Backend:

  First, run the development server:

  ```bash
  composer install
  ```

  Copy file ".env.example" and change name to ".env" and input database|mail config

  ```bash
  php artisan key:generate
  php artisan jwt:secret
  php artisan migrate
  php artisan db:seed
  php artisan serve --host=localhost --port=8080
  ```
  To start the project with Docker use \app\generator\app_template\backend\backend-laravel\.env.docker
  and
  \app\generator\app_template\backend\backend-laravel\config\database.docker.php files

### Frontend:

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](#deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## To start the project with Docker:
  ## Description:

  - The project contains `docker-compose.yml` and a couple of helper scripts:

  - `docker-compose.yml` (all our services: web, backend, db are described here)
  - `start-backend.sh` (starts nodejs app)
  - `wait-for-it.sh` (imported from https://github.com/vishnubob/wait-for-it)

  ## Run services:

  1. Install docker compose (https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

  2. Move to `docker` folder. All next steps should be done from this folder.
  - `cd docker`

  3. Make executables from `wait-for-it.sh` and `start-backend.sh`:
  - `chmod +x start-backend.sh && chmod +x wait-for-it.sh`

  4. Download dependend projects for services. In our case wee also need `singup-react`.

  5. Review the docker-compose.yml file. Make sure that all services have Dockerfiles. Only db service doesn't require a Dockerfile. I've created docker branches for user-management-template-backend and sing-app-react projects. You should switch to them before running `docker-compose up`.

  6. Make sure you have needed ports (see them in `ports`) available on your local machine.

  7. Start services:
  - With an empty database `rm -rf data && docker-compose up`
  - With a stored (from previus runs) database data `docker-compose up`

  8. Check http://localhost:3000

  9. Stop services:
  - Just press `Ctr+C`
